Hey friends. I want to
thank our sponsor. Reagan, are
you struggling to replicate the
bugs and performance issues that
your customers are reporting? Plug
Reagan into your web and
mobile applications right now, and
diagnose problems in minutes rather
than hours. Kiss goodbye. Having
to dig through log files
and relying on frustrated users
to report issues, make your
software developmental life so much
easier. Using Reagan's error, crash,
and performance monitoring tools. Every
software team can create flawless
software experiences for their customers
with Reagan cry it free
today@raygun.com. That's our a Y
G U n.com. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman, Hansel minutes.
And today I'm talking with
Steven Kurt farmer And now
working on Apollonia across platforms,
XAML framework. Are you doing
this full time in your
fun employment? I well, almost
full time kind of half
time. I it's not really
paying yet, so I've got
a bit of paid work
going on, but yeah, a
lot more than I was
when I had a full
time job, let's say, alright.
Now when people look@avaloniaatavaloniaui.net, they
might say, Oh, well this
is a, this is a
cross platform, WPF, you know,
Steven and friends of have
reimplemented WPF the windows presentation
foundation, but it's, it's different
than that. Yeah, it's a
little bit different. I'll give
you some background originally. I
was trying to reimplement WPF
and make it cross platform,
but I got a few
months into that and I
was like, I'm not having
fun here. I got to,
I think this collection view,
which is if you try
and reverse engineer that class,
you won't have fun. And
so I kind of decided
the world doesn't need another
UI framework, but no one's
going to use this, you
know, it's just, it's a
fun. So I just kind
of started reimplementing it, how
I wanted to do it.
Taking bits from the BPF
bits from UWP bits, from
CSS, which from HTML, but
mostly it's kind of based
on WPF it's broadly similar.
So maybe rather than a
reimplementation, it's a re-imagining of
how one would do it.
Yeah, kind of. I mean,
I wish I could go
back in time and kind
of make changes, some changes
that I made just for
the sake of it, but
then the incompatibilities that with
the BPF, I kind of
wished that I could go
back in time and, and
do those and just follow
the WPF API a little
bit more closely. But as
I said, I didn't know
it was going to be
used when I started with
this. Well, that's the thing
that was all open source
projects. I mean, I don't
think that the people that
made node thought it would
become node, right? You shouldn't
feel bad about that. Yeah.
I mean, nothing else I'd
written before in my life
has Rarely been used by
anyone more than that, any
more than a handful of
people, at least. So, So
WPF itself, that the way
that WPF works is kind
of different than how people
usually expect things to work
like with, with wind forms.
And I'm familiar with, with
wind farms, it's a very
thin layer over the windows
API. So when you say
put a button on a
screen and you know, with
windows forms, it's a real
windows button. They get, it's
just a layer over wind
32, but does WPF and
Avalonia try to hide the
underlying operating system. Is that
a similar thought? Yeah. Well,
I mean, it doesn't try
to hide it so much
as it completely acknowledged that
that the controls are all
client side client drawn. So
they're completely luckless as well,
which means you can provide
your own themes. So it's
not, Oh, S controls at
all is complete it's is
completely user job. I mean,
I asked controls libraries that
expose those controls are useful
as well. There's ETO forms,
which does that really well.
But you know, it depends
what you're looking for. I
think there are valid use
cases for both And, and
at the heart of WPF
is this thing called XAML
and Avalonia uses XAML, but
the way you phrase it
is it's a XAML dialect.
What do you mean by
that? Well, it's, I mean,
WPF is, is animal dialects
as well, right? WPF and
UWP don't use the same
Samuel exactly. The rest, slight
differences with that Zamo is
kind of the low level
mapping of XML onto objects.
So if you have a
different dotnet object model, you
will have a different SAML
dialects, essentially. Okay. So when
you say like an extra
mental element window, and then
within that scoped a child
element button, you are instantiating
an object. Exactly. Yeah. That's,
that's purely what it's doing
at least recently, since people
have started using as started
using the other loan yet
we've tried to follow WPF
a little bit more when
there's no good reason to
break away from it, we
try to follow it. But
yeah, so it's kind of
about 75% the same, I'd
say 25% different. The main
thing that differs is our
styling system, which is more
like CSS. So the intent
isn't that I go and
dig up some ten-year-old WPF
app and then just swap
out some references and hit
F five and then go
look. Yeah. John Lennox, unfortunately.
No, I mean, that would
be really cool, but I
don't think it would ever
be that easy. I mean,
a lot of people have
been asking about making WPF
cross platform and I don't
think it would be that
easy. A lot of WPF
is very tied to win
32. I mean, there is
a possibility that people on
our project have talks about
this, of taking kind of
the Abalonia backend. The stuff
actually draws the stuff on
the screen and opens the
windows, which is cross platform
and porting that to WPF
because the API is very,
very similar. So it might
be possible that we can
actually take part of Apollonia
and put that into WPF
and make the BPF at
least cross platform in some
ways. Let me add, let
me back up a little
bit and ask you this.
If I were to write
a calculator in WPF and
then write the same calculator
in Avalonia and I put
them on the screen, let's
just start with windows. Would
they look pretty much? Yeah,
kind of similar. Our default
theme looks more like you
to be a VP at
the moment, whereas to BPSD
for theme is kind of
windows this dish. Okay. So
then Avalonia might look a
little bit more modern. Yeah.
A little bit more mineral
like UWP. Okay. EWP of
course the universal windows platform
and it's kind of confusing
to people. How would you
explain all of that? You've
got windows forms. You've got
WPF, you've got UWP, but
ultimately it's all just windows.
This is all just different
ways to put buttons on
screens. Yeah. Like WinForms was
like a follow on from
VB VB sex. And then
they threw everything away and
made the BPF. And then
they threw most about half
of WPA PF away and
made silver light. And then
they threw several lights away
and kind of took most
of silver light and it
turned into w UWP, but
they're all incompatible in different
ways, which is, I guess,
one of the reasons I
don't feel that bad. The
other loan year isn't compatible
with Microsoft summer frameworks. Cause
they're all in compatible with
each other anyway. So Original
point, these are XAML dialects.
So well we can say,
well, this was thrown away
and that was thrown away.
XAML has been there since
WPF first started so that
I assume a comfortable familiarity
with it would be like
speaking Spanish and going to
Italy or going to Portugal
and going, yeah, this isn't
the language I'm used to,
but I can move. Yeah.
Yeah. Something like that. I'd
say, I'd say it's, you
know, living in Italy, I'd
say I go to Spain.
I'd say that it's a
little bit more than that.
You know, you can understand
more of Avalonia knowing WPF
than you could knowing Italian
and going, Oh, that's good
to know. Okay. I have
a Rania is easier than
Italian. So you heard it.
Anything's easy. Of course I'm
going to get letters from
our Italian listeners, but that's
good. Okay. So then if
it's so familiarity with WPF
for UWP is going to
make someone feel comfortable in
Avalonia you're gonna be able
to pick it right up
and fit and you've even
got great documentation where you
say, you know, there's, there's
a doc, I'm looking at
Apollonia for WPF developers where
you literally say, all right,
welcome. You're a WPF developer.
Here's what's Right. Yeah. I
wouldn't say documentation's great. I
mean, that's the number one
complaint that you could give
us that, you know, we're
a purely open source projects.
It's almost always the case
that your documentation isn't the
best, but yeah, we do
have documentation from move from
moving from w U WPF
to Abalonia. Yeah, No, I
think as with most open
source projects, you're too modest.
I think your documentation is
good, but again, that's an
opportunity for anyone who's listening,
who is excited about across
platform UI framework to get,
maybe get involved and help
out with the document. Please,
please, please. You know, we've
got quite a few contributors
now. I'm very happy with
the amount of contributors we
have and then things are
starting to move really fast,
but no one wants to
do documentation Ironic because it's
the, it's like the core
thing. If you want your
project to be successful, you
need good docs. And you
know, if you're maybe not
a hardcore coder, but you're
listening to the show here
and you want to have
not only on your, you
know, on your resume, but
on your GitHub contributions, some
really interesting work, it can
be as simple as fixing
a broken image link or
fixing spelling or making sure
that the samples, Right. Yeah.
I mean, documentation is definitely
the place where you can
have the most impact right
now. I mean, I've spent
the last two days, I
think, trying to improve our
website and the documentation a
little bit, but every one
of those days I'm thinking,
but I could be fixing
books. Good point. Well, because
you want to focus on
what's important. So there's a,
there's a formal call. You
heard it here first on
Hanselman it's Avalonia would definitely
love help with their docs.
Okay. So it's a, XAML
dialect, it'll feel familiar for
anyone who's using WPF or
UWP or Xamarin forms and
you support windows, Linux and
OSX. And is it true
that you're actually looking for
even mobile service? Yeah. Windows,
Linux, and they'll say, Oh,
ASX, excuse me. Are the
main platforms platforms we support.
We also have very, very
experimental support for iOS and
Android, but that's kind of
not really maintained that well,
and it, it kind of
needs things that we're not
ready for at the moment
as well. So that's kind
of, kind of be a
post one point, not feature,
really mobile support, but yeah,
our core platforms are windows,
Linux, and ASX, which should
work reasonably well. Okay. So
this is an opportunity for
someone to create a desktop
UI that works anywhere. And
there's something interesting. I'm noticing
it says four dotnet framework.net
core and mano, or you're
basically runtime agnostic. Any of
the dot nets can run
Avalonia Yeah. Where a.net standard
library.net standard 2.0. So That's
pretty cool. Now, how does
it talk to a backend,
like you said, it is
a, what we call owner
draw, you draw the buttons
yourself, but you have wind
32, you know, windowing, backends,
GTK four for Linux and
mano Mac. How do these
things plug in? Is this
like when I write a,
a standard library that talks
to any database and I
just plug in a database
driver, I'm just plugging in.
Yeah. I think the ducks
you're eating are actually a
little bit out of date,
but we have essentially, there
were two types of backends
who are windowing backend. There's
a window in backend and
the drawing Mackenz for the
wind going back ends. We
have wind 32, we have
a native, our S X
library that's implemented via comm.
And then there's a C
sharp C sharp native thing.
I don't know. I've not
been involved in that much.
I don't have a Mac.
And then there is an
exit 11 back end. So
those are the windowing black
backends. We used to go
via GTK, but we found
that that caused problems. And
because we just basically need
to show a window, it
was easier just to implement
these kinds of things direct
on the platform. And there's
also talk of there being
a wasteland backend. What is
that? Well, Wayland is kind
of the successor two X
11. Mm it's. Still, I
think mostly in development. I
not used it that much,
but yeah. I think it's
intended to be the kind
of successor two X 11,
but we don't have a
backend for that at the
moment. So I'm, Wayland's our
skirt really actually brothers X,
11 apps. Interesting. That, that
I mentioned GTK three and
you're like, well not, we're
not using that. We're trying.
Excellent. And then you're saying,
we're trying Wayland what's it
sounds like it's very nicely
factored that you can in
fact do this. You're swapping
out when doing back ends
to pick the right one
for the, Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
It was written with that
in mind when doing back
end, this is not actually
that big, you know, you
just need things to show
a window, notify you when
you're resizing it. So it's
not actually that big, but
then there's, there's the other
part of it, which is
the rendering mechanisms. So the
rendering backend, we currently have
two, the original one was
the original ones were direct
today on windows and Cairo
on Linux and other platforms.
But we've actually moved away
from that. And I think
we're going to have just
one rendering backend, which is
going to be skier that's
from Google. Yeah. Yeah. Because
scare is cross platform. Anyway,
so, but we, we used
to have this direct to
deep backend, but it was
using sharp the app, which
is just now gone into
maintenance mode. It's no longer
going to be developed. So
where are we thinking whether
we want to keep that
backend around on a, on
supported library, A big thank
you to our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
And I hope that you
support them the way they
support us progress. Software is
the creator of the most
comprehensive developer toolkit for building
modern apps on the market.
Today Tellerik dev craft with
more than 1100 telerik.net and
Kendo, UI JavaScript components and
controls. You can easily build
modern high-performance web mobile and
desktop apps as well as
chatbots. The tools that also
includes reporting solutions, automated testing,
and productivity tools, and comes
with a range of support
options. New this year is
a free online training program
for all licensed holders with
this alongside thousands of demos
and source code available, comprehensive
documentation and a full assortment
of visual studio templates, you'll
be up and running with
the progress Tellerik and Kendall
UI controls in no time,
download a free 30 day
trial today at tellerik.com/hanselman that's
T E L E R
I k.com/hanselman. Okay. So then
if you have a windowing
backend that creates the window
and tells you when it's
being resized, it basically manages
the top level window in
any pop up windows. And
then you have the rendering
engine, which is the, what's
the best way to get
dots on this thing. You
know, like, are we, are
we a game? Are we
a, you know, are we
using, you know, direct 2d?
Are we using ski? We're
using whatever there's things to
think about. Like now DPI
and 4k displays. There's the
scaling of that thing. There's
also accessibility. When you own
or draw a button from
the perspective of the operating
system or a screen reader,
it might not exist. It
might be invisible. How do
you solve that and put
out by invisible? I mean,
it doesn't exist in a
Dom that can be access
programming. Exactly. Yeah. Acts a
bit. Accessibility is probably the
biggest feature that we're missing
before we get to one
point, Sarah, I'm assuming that
will, I mean, it's, it's
needed, it's definitely needed, but
basically none of us working
on the core project right
now know much about it.
So we're going to have
to learn about it or
wait for someone to come
in and be able to
implement that for us. There
you go. There's another exciting
opportunity. See, every one of
these things is an opportunity
for someone in open source
to jump in. So you
would need to implement accessibility,
API APIs, and basically present
a Dom to windows at
document object model to windows
that that expressed what was
on the, The screen. So
that yeah. Someone who couldn't
see could see it. Yeah.
And then at Sandow SX,
I don't know that there
may well be a cross
platform framework for doing that.
I've no idea. Okay. Yeah,
we do definitely need that.
How does Avalonia though compare
to something like electron, like
if someone's listening and they're,
they've made it as far
and they're like, yeah, but
why don't I just use
electron other than the fact
that it's kind of big
and has a lot of
baggage Just that comes along
with it, right? Yeah. I
mean, I'm actually quite a
big fan of electron. I
think it's a great technology.
I know there are a
lot of people who don't
feel that way, but the
main difference is it's running
on.net and you have access
to everything that.net has access
to. So with running on
the electron, you might, you
have to use, you know,
you've got the front end
and then the backend that's
in nodes. And then you
might have to write libraries,
sites and interface with the
operating system. You might just
want to write C-sharp. It
does get a little bit
messy if it's a big,
a big hybrid. Yeah, exactly.
Yeah. But you know, I
like electron and people say
it's, you know, the binary
is a huge and everything,
but I think they're just
lacking a couple of apps.
If you look at, get
her best stop, for example,
which it's quite, it doesn't
use that much memory. So
I think electron definitely has
a place, but basically I'd
say you would use other
lonelier you when you want
it to make a cross
plot farm up in C-sharp
ensemble in Brothen in JS
and HTML. Okay. So if
you're unapologetically a dotnet person
and Avalonia would be your,
your best bet for a
cross platform app and there's
room, there's more than enough
room. It's not a competition
in this case. No, I
don't see it as a
competition. No. I think there's
room for different frameworks and
different languages. Definitely. There are
other frameworks there's like platform,
is it platform UNO? And
I think that Frank Kruger
had a thing called we,
there seem to be other,
lots of people are thinking
about what would Jamel dialects
look like and how would
we get buttons on it?
Screens. Yeah. Platform. It was
an interesting one because it
actually targets the web, which
is something that we don't
do we could potentially do
with wisdom, but it's something
that we're not targeting at
the moment. And people are
often asking us when we're
going to do it. So
that's an interesting one, but
that doesn't target desktop applications.
You know, it's not, it
doesn't create an Exco or
a DLL that you run
on your machine, which is
what we're doing. So they
have a thing that takes
it's basically they call it
a, you know, UWP bridge
so they can basically bridge
it into WebAssembly. So they're
kind of betting on, on
WebAssembly and then you're writing
XAML and that's presenting itself
in, in the, in the,
in the runtime and then
drawing with canvas, which is
different from something like blazer,
which the Dom, the Dom
itself to draw. Exactly. Yeah.
It's a really interesting space
right now. There's a lot
of stuff going on and
I guess none of us
would, it would have been
possible if, if Microsoft had
been slapping open source projects
left and right. You know,
like open sourcing stuff must
have made it easier for
you. Yeah. I don't think
I've been sourcing thought that
core was definitely a big
step towards it, but I
don't think we're actually using
much Microsoft open source technology
yet when I'm, when more
of WPF is open sourced,
we will definitely be able
to take parts of that.
And I would be very
happy to be able to
take parts of that. But
I think, you know, that
the XAML engine we're using
is portable that XAML, which
is a reimplementation of systems.
I'm all. Yeah. I don't
think other than the actual.net,
I don't think we're using
much Microsoft technology. Yeah, I
see. So the core runtime
being open source was helpful.
Core motto. Of course you
have support, but you're not
using much of like the
recent open sourcing of system
dot XAML you have your
own. Yeah. And someone's actually
working on the XAML compiler,
which I'm Nikita on our
projects is actually working on
a Zimmer compiler, which will
hopefully means that Zimmer will
be compiled down so ill.
So it will be, it
would just run as there
will be no passing of
XML XAML it would just
compile down to IRL and
you'll be able to burn.
Oh, wow. Would that help
WPF? Is that something for
an open source that could
then go back over it
and make better? This is
open source and I guess,
I think I'm pretty sure
it could be used by
WPF itself as well. Yeah.
So, you know, we're all
about sharing. Although all of
these things being open source
mean everything improves. And you
know, you were saying earlier
that there's a lot of
movement in this space and
it feels like there was
no movement in this space
for a long time. So
it's really good to see
a lot of movement rather
than, rather than seeing as
you know, like a as
competition. I think it's great
that there's things are starting
to move here again. Yeah.
I've heard the term. Coopertition
where we're all having fun,
cooperating and competing at the
same time, but it's not
a kind of a violent
competition as it may have
been In the past. Yeah.
Yeah. I've never heard that
term, but maybe I'll start
using it. So, so let
me ask you this, someone's
listening and they're thinking, Hey,
I want to rewrite, you
know, TurboTax or QuickBooks or,
you know, not Microsoft word,
but Hanselman word. And you
know, I want to bet
my company on Avalonia is
this, is this production ready?
Are people shipping apps with
this? Or am I taking
a risk? You're taking a
risk. I mean, it's not
one point Sarah, yet it
has currently no commercial backing.
It's purely volunteers. So, you
know, you're taking a risk,
but then you're taking a
risk adopting any technology risk
using node, I would suppose.
I mean, companies that support
it. So maybe you shouldn't
sell yourself short. Yeah. I
mean, people took a risk
writing the programs on Silverlight,
which was discontinued, you know,
so you're taking a risk.
Yep. And we're not 1.0
yet. So there will be
breaking changes. We cut. We
tried to keep the breaking
changes reasonably small, but there
are people writing applications on
it and they're going pretty
well. I'm, I'm constantly surprised
by the things people have
managed to do with it
because you know, for it
to go, I was obviously
there, I wrote it the
first commits, you know, which
was like, wow, I've got,
I've got a rectangle on
the screen to see it
go from being pleased to
have a rectangle on the
screen. So two people actually,
you know, brighten full applications,
ideas, drawing packages on that
is pretty amazing. How would
I know if I like
maybe I have an Avalonia
app on my machine? I
didn't even know it. Is
there a particular favorite or
an app you can mention
that that's using it? Well,
I think probably the most
well known one will be
wasabi wallet, which is a
Bitcoin wallet. That's doing pretty
well. I think others are
other lung studio, which is
an Ida then there's call
to D which is a
drawing package. And I'm sure
I know I'm forgetting some
people. I'm sorry, everyone. I'm
sorry. No, no worries at
all. I'm sure there are
others as well. I know
there are people working on
a kind of, I am
client. There are definitely others
as well. Hopefully you wouldn't
know if that it was
enough alone, the application. I
mean, that would be the
idea, right? Like I think
that would be a time
when you could tell, you
could kind of smell electron
and you'd go, Oh, this
just feels weird. This electron
I'm actually looking at wasabi
wallet right now. I went
through the install, pops right
up. It looks like an
app. It's a very attractive
app. I couldn't really tell
it was anything other than
a windows app. Cause I'm
on windows. It is responsive
and fast and operates about
as an app should, which
is exactly what you would
want. And I, I assume
it looks exactly the same
on a Mac or on
a linear. It should. Yeah,
because yeah, I mean, there
are a few things that
give it away at the
moment. Like I say, we're
still in beta and we're
not feature complete and we
have books. And so there
are certain things that give
as a way at the
moment. But the point that
we hoped to move towards
is that you won't be
able to tell, you know,
it will be just a
framework. You can make it
look. W w we'd like
to have, you know, an
OSX theme with a boon
to theme. So it could
even look different on different
platforms if you wanted to.
That would be really nice.
Yeah. It's just getting there.
Interesting. Okay. That reminds me
of like my time doing
cross-platform UI in Java. The
thing about Java, when you
tried to write an app
that ran anywhere, is it
ended up looking like Java
everywhere, you know, or if
you wrote something in Delphi,
like you find that certain
button with the big green
checkbox and you're like, Oh,
I seen that before. That's
fine. Yeah. Which is actually
getting more common now with
things using more things using
Electrum and not using the
native windows toolkit, it's kind
of more usual that an
app will look the same
across platforms then looking like
it fits on the platform.
Yeah. It seems to be
a philosophy there that some
people feel that you should,
you know, look as much
like a native app as
possible, and other ones have
their own style and they
are kind of unapologetically their
own style. Cause if you
have a visual style for
your, for your brand, for
your, for your company or
whatever, there's no reason that
your app can't look like
a website or use the
same fonts and colors that,
that your users are using.
Yeah, exactly. I think it
depends on where you're coming
from, whether you're coming from
the web or whether you're
coming from, you know, like
I'm writing separate applications for
each platform. And like you
said, the sea at the
styles, the way that you
do styles and Avalonia is
different from WPF and it
kind of borrows concepts from
CSS. So I suppose that
people could make whatever style,
Just make them happy. Yeah.
I mean, our method of
theming controls is broadly the
same as WPF and UWP
in that we use control
templates. It's broadly the same,
but our styles are a
little bit more powerful. I
always found the styling system
in WP F to be
a little lacking. So we
kind of took some ideas
from CSS there, hopefully the
good ideas from CSS and
not the ones that make
you pull your hair out,
but take the, hopefully a
few ideas from CSS that
makes life a little bit
diff a little bit easier
for that. I was noticing
also that you've got Avalonia
for visual studio. So you've
got project templates and a
UI designer, and it's currently
set to work in 2017
and 2019 versions of visual
studio. I assume that that
is the best way to
get started is to install
that, that plugin from the
visual studio. Yeah, definitely. That's
the best way to get
started. We, we still need
to kind of provide plugins
for other ideas as well,
but visual studios, the only
one we support out of
the box while they're out
of the box, but you
know, that we have official
support for at the moment.
Okay. And then from there
you can go and basically
file new project and get
started right away and it'll
go and bring down the
appropriate new, get packages and
then set you up for
success. Yeah. We also have
done that templates as well.
Not that core templates, sorry.
So that you can, you
know, just scuffled a new
project in.net core as well,
but you won't get the
designer, but you don't actually
need the designer, you know,
you can without design now.
So that's just.net, new apollonia.app.
So kind of file new
project. Exactly. Yeah. And then
you've got Two templates there
at the command line. You've
got avalonia.app and then you've
got avalonia.app dot MVVM. So
you're kind of using that
set reactive UI pattern. Yeah.
The MVVM application uses reactive
UI, which is a great
library for model, model, view,
model, view, whatever it's called,
if you split out. So
yeah, we use reactive UI
for that. By default, we
ship a version of reactive
UI, which is kind of
tailored to our, our framework.
So you've got an active
get hub repository. You're working
on this halftime, you're looking
for help, but you also
have a lot of contributors.
I look on the page
there and at the bottom,
there's a lot of faces.
A lot of people who've
been involved. Yeah. Yeah. We've
got a huge amount of
contributors, you know, and that's,
that's actually, we've got so
many contributors that I can't
keep it with pull requests.
So that's another way people
can help like reviewing pull
requests. Yeah. We're getting a
lot of them. I know
we mostly hang out in
getter. There's a guitar room,
which is very, very active
as well. So if anyone's
interested, check out, I'll get
a room drop in and
say, hi. Yeah, it looks
like you've got a thousand
plus closed poll requests, but
you've got 24 open right
now. So there's another opportunity.
And some of those go
back a while. So I
think that's a huge opportunity
here. I always tell people,
find a great project that's
on the come up and
get involved, whether it be
writing docs or helping out.
So where can people get
ahold of you in the
end? The team yeah. Gets
us the best way. Gets
a stroke of a loan.
Yeah. Okay. I think is
the URL. I dunno, I
will make sure that that's
in the show notes. It's
good or not. I am
slash Avalonia UI slash Avalonia.
I'll make sure that the
links to the GitHub repository
and the Gitter channel are
all in the show notes
so people can get involved.
And thank you very much.
Stephen Kirk, for chatting with me
today about Avalonia across platforms,
ammo framework for.net. Thank you.
This has been another episode
of Hanselminutes and we'll see
you again. .